I got a Bachelor degree of management at Shanghai University of electric power, majored in Informantion Management and System. When I was in my university, I finished some courses related to computer science and software programming, including database, network of computer, java, data structure etc. In my last year of university, I joined a company as a test engineer intern, where I made up my mind to pursue the career of test engineer. In that company, I learnt how to test on Web, and I perform well working with other colleagues.  After graduated in 2020, I joined the company where I stay now. This is a blockchain company, but as a new comer, I had no idea about blockchain and cryptocurrency, so i have to learn a lot about it. After a few weeks' study, I can handle my work easily and sometimes I can even discuss product requirement with product manager. the product i'm involved in is an application on IOS and Android paltform that help users manage their digital assets and keep them safe. At first, I mainly do manual testing, writing test cases and writing sql queries and using other tools, like charles, postman, to help me test. In that process, I learnt to use UI automation testing tool Appium to automate some of commonly used features of the application. Now I joined another project because of refrusturing of the company. So i begin to wirte interface automation testing program in Python, by that we were able to save lots of effort spent on repetitive work. i'm sure given a chance, i will be quick to learn new things and perform well in a software testing project in any field.



